Add a glossary to the documentation (#647)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python: docs/intro/index.md

# Introduction

There are several fundamental concepts that one should comprehend before
diving into the Frequenz SDK. These concepts encompass both general notions
within the energy sector or microgrids and specific details regarding the SDK
itself, such as asynchronous programming, use of channels for communication,

> the actor model, data flow, and the composition of a component graph.

Reviewer: Optionally:
```suggestion
the actor model, data pipelines, and the composition of a components graph.
```
